our real or do-do-do-do do-do-do-do that
was a nice beat Wow BAM oh you know
I can burn this with saplings can I yep
but they burned so quickly I'm just
going to wait a little bit please burn
out and then I can't do anything about
it this last one is not going to make it
not going to make it now oh wait it did
Oh trickshot trick this isn't going to
finish all of it but that's all good
it's all good guys okay let's see what
can I do well after all of this looks
like I'm going to be headed out and
going to explore all my stuff bam bam
whip blam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam goes there
and bammo there whatever not talk about
yours or if you as I've seen on the new
son of them whatever it's called mono or
4 3 gameplay from cod XP then you guys
are lucky because it's all over the
internet now and if you guys see it kind
of ruins the game it's not doesn't make
it fun anymore like doc I'm over the
chocolate
oh I know what I should do that would
look pretty pretty cool and scary at the
same time it's all good mod warfare 3
gameplay' it looks just like mono or
fair to you just new weapons and new
maps and stuff but people are going to
judge me for saying that's the eight
nine ten watch it just gonna look like
an orange wall that lights up a little
bit you know I don't know it'll look
cool hopefully but it looks like the Sun
is setting and when the Sun sets I will
stop the recording and it should be good
enough for today because I've been
recording for a long time and it is my
weekend and it is a friday and I'm
thinking about going outside with harsh
right now to be honest then just go I
don't know do what kids do best ding
dong ditch so it looks like I'm gonna do
that and maybe we can mean tarsh can
record them some good stuff for random
white engines you guys haven't seen the
stuff from Renault my ninjas we did this
on coke celebration go stars is back
from more tars 12 I'll just say go into
England was a long time very love you
long time you know all the time like
that and he was gone and kind of made me
sad and when I missed him why no but
yeah so I don't know he said he might
move there so I mean that's his choice
for his family's choice I guess just
don't picking it or he actually wants to
go to because he likes it down I'm going
to go back home scared and um it endures
for
good and yeah so yeah tars might move a
bag or might live to England and stuff
and yeah like just like that right yeah
and these don't stack anymore and tarses
back from England we made a video about
you know just the usual and I'm going to
look into the sky so you guys should go
check out all the stuff that I was
talking about because this is a big
update and minecraft history so I don't
think there's much of a Minecraft
history but anyway um that is the moon
as you can see it's kind of it's kind of
like like like all the stars are
shifting that way the Sun is like a bad
angle right now on the other side of the
world this moon is coming up and there's
no escaping it and yeah so it looks like
I'm going to end the video right here
guys it was a good time recording with
you and recording with me I guess a good
time recording with you guys for you
guys and I'm probably just going to end
the video with a good old nap time hope
you guys liked the video please like it
comment it and subscribe love you guys
peace